A curated list of awesome Python frameworks, libraries, software and resources
Modern command line HTTP client – user-friendly curl alternative with intuitive UI, JSON support, syntax highlighting, wget-like downloads, extensions, etc.  https://httpie.org
Magnificent app which corrects your previous console command.
A microframework based on Werkzeug, Jinja2 and good intentions
Command-line program to download videos from YouTube.com and other video sites
The Web framework for perfectionists with deadlines.
Python HTTP Requests for Humans™ ✨🍰✨
A curated list of awesome Machine Learning frameworks, libraries and software.
Ansible is a radically simple IT automation platform that makes your applications and systems easier to deploy. Avoid writing scripts or custom code to deploy and update your applications— automate in a language that approaches plain English, using SSH, with no agents to install on remote systems.
Scrapy, a fast high-level web crawling & scraping framework for Python.
The Big List of Naughty Strings is a list of strings which have a high probability of causing issues when used as user-input data.
scikit-learn: machine learning in Python
Models built with TensorFlow
None
Certbot, previously the Let's Encrypt Client, is EFF's tool to obtain certs from Let's Encrypt, and (optionally) auto-enable HTTPS on your server.  It can also act as a client for any other CA that uses the ACME protocol.
Deep Learning library for Python. Runs on TensorFlow, Theano, or CNTK.
Learn how to design large-scale systems. Prep for the system design interview.  Includes Anki flashcards.
a web proxy tool
Apache Superset (incubating) is a modern, enterprise-ready business intelligence web application
The C++ Core Guidelines are a set of tried-and-true guidelines, rules, and best practices about coding in C++
A code-completion engine for Vim
:arrow_double_down: Dumb downloader that scrapes the web
Tornado is a Python web framework and asynchronous networking library, originally developed at FriendFeed.
the code that powers reddit.com
Sentry is a cross-platform crash reporting and aggregation platform.
Deep Learning papers reading roadmap for anyone who are eager to learn this amazing tech!
The Python programming language
A collection of design patterns/idioms in Python
Official repository for IPython itself. Other repos in the IPython organization contain things like the website, documentation builds, etc.
A practical guide to securing macOS.
